hello how are I triforce and here to
Below I will show you how
root your samsung galaxy now 2
as several of you have been
acquire this great device
then what really takes a lot
the procedure is very simple and
Well, what they are going to get is
it can only be is the root access
nothing else any extra modification by
If some applications require
root that are going to occupy so good
they will be able to do it as I say
a fairly simple and fast way
they obviously need good their
samsung galaxy 12 since we know that from
factory comes with android 411 jay levine
then since we have 12 we have
need odin software is the
version 304 except with him so that what
download in our blog on android mx
dot net in the tutorial that will be
there also and well we need a
small file that is called c / s
autoroute samsung galaxy awards that
Also here
I'm going to show you we have the same but
the same is going to be put so that what
download
and good
we have to pay it
it does not matter which compilation has its
samsung choice 2 while you have there
the living very good
it's practically universal we put it in
download mosqueda how is it
we do with the volume button below the
power button and home at the same
weather
appears on those screens we make
with the volume button above to
enter and we enter there
this next step open your software
odin I already have here open this up like this
that for practical reasons I have
that open connect your choice or via
usb to the computer conquers the cable
we connect it and automatically that
you have to recognize your compu and so
so much the software odin here already
it is recognized it is very important that
this rectangle appears in blue
it does not matter what number they say
little bit more sport number that says
within 25 can be 13 can be everything
7 any number does not matter always
when this other channel appears because
appeared the options do not touch them the
they leave as they do not touch anything of dvorak
and that really gets into trouble like that
which appears they let go they apply van
to press the fight button
and here where are you going to select the
File cf autoroute samsung galaxy on
cars eye
the file extension is such a point
because if you download it in good cycle what
have to decompress it seems to have the
file point of r or such that is the one
recognizes or from here to selected it
I'll start him what we're going to do
by pressure to be and this process is not
they have not even ten seconds
I'll start watching it is working and
as you can see it's going by evaluating the
progress here also he did on
start the team here already says peace already
they can be rolling and that's basically
everything already have root access on your computer
there it is flowing
the special screen many galaxy 12
obviously this was done in fire as
all of the older ones practically
samsung galaxy good here is already what
you can connect it to any kind of
problem and once your team gets
reboot you will already have root access going to
have the super show icon and then
well, if I make an application that
you want to install requires
Broken no longer will they be able to do it without
problem some
as you can check that they already have root
simply because you are going to have here the
application
super your teacher and you can see it is
android with its capital those that already that
index that indicates they already have access
is basically the same root would be all
is that already show with left is
quick simple since they have everything already
have your file downloaded since
have the odin your computer with
Windows since it is what they have to do
the files is in the post is
filling the mx dot net
I am triforce and see you until the
next
to